Ahead. Coming.
I'm also watching something small. By the way.
I want to pick up Xiaoxi and review it.
You see, he is pregnant with luck and needs someone to take care of him.
My Gu family has a private doctor.
Can take care of his daily life 24 hours a day.
It's more convenient than being in the hospital.
Cry and talk.
He would have been dared to leave the Gu family.
I don't need you to worry about my affairs.
I can take care of my daughter by myself.
But what happened before asking me?
He said that the Gu family was not suitable for Xiaoxi.
Anyway, it's okay. Let's rest.
As long as you are willing to review my home with me.
I will immediately arrange for your father to protect you
I, we, you can go back
I still think it's really unstable
The Gu family has a family doctor
I help keep my children safe
You can have surgery here with peace of mind
Wait until I come back to see you
But since they agreed on a small salary,
The car fell down on the road